gh-118660: Add second type parameter to (Async)ContextManager (#118681)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-05-06-18-13-02.gh-issue-118660.n01Vb7.rst

Add a second type parameter to :class:`typing.ContextManager` and

> :class:`typing.AsyncContextManager`, representing the return type of
> :meth:`__exit__`. This parameter defaults to ``bool | None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`typing.AsyncContextManager`, representing the return types of
:meth:`!__exit__` and :meth:`!__aexit__` respectively.
This parameter defaults to ``bool | None``.
```

Author: ```suggestion
:class:`typing.AsyncContextManager`, representing the return type of
:meth:`~object.__exit__` and :meth:`~object.__aexit__` respectively.
This parameter defaults to ``bool | None``.
```
Let's link it

> Add a second type parameter to :class:`typing.ContextManager` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an optional second type parameter to :class:`typing.ContextManager` and
```

> :class:`typing.AsyncContextManager`, representing the return type of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`typing.AsyncContextManager`, representing the return types of
```
